Pangolins are mammals of the order Pholidota. The one extant family, Manidae, has three genera: Manis, which comprises four species living in Asia; Phataginus, which comprises two species living in Africa; and Smutsia, which comprises two species also living in Africa.[1] These species range in size from 30 to 100 cm (12 to 39 in). A number of extinct pangolin species are also known.

Pablo Picasso (/pɪˈkɑːsoʊ, -ˈkæsoʊ/;[2] Spanish: [ˈpaβlo piˈkaso]; 25 October 1881 – 8 April 1973) was a Spanish painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramicist, stage designer, poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France. Regarded as one of the most influential artists of the 20th century, he is known for co-founding the Cubist movement, the invention of constructed sculpture,[3][4] the co-invention of collage, and for the wide variety of styles that he helped develop and explore. Among his most famous works are the proto-Cubist Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907), and Guernica (1937), a dramatic portrayal of the bombing of Guernica by the German and Italian airforces.

The Camargue (French pronunciation: ​[kaˈmaʁɡ]) (Provençal Camarga) is a natural region located south of Arles, France, between the Mediterranean Sea and the two arms of the Rhône River delta. The eastern arm is called the Grand Rhône; the western one is the Petit Rhône.[1] Administratively it lies within the département of Bouches-du-Rhône, the appropriately named "Mouths of the Rhône", and covers parts of the territory of the communes of Arles – the largest commune in Metropolitan France, Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer – the second largest – and Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhône. A further expanse of marshy plain, the Petite Camargue (little Camargue), just to the west of the Petit Rhône, is in the département of Gard

Specializing in digital experiences, new technologies, business processes and data, VISEO is the ideal partner for your company’s transformation projects. VISEO works to simulate new ideas, new offers, new ways of collaborating and new methods for producing or selling. With 1200 team members working on four continents and a turnover of more than 110 million euros, VISEO offers an alternative for integrators, agencies and consulting firms by providing a unique, flexible, innovative and structured approach. VISEO thus provides a global response and guides you in the implementation of complex projects in order make way for the digital challenges that impact information systems, business processes and organizations.

Frédérique is Director of Research of the VISEO Group and Associated Professor at the Institut National des Langues et Cultures Orientales, in Paris. Before joining Viseo, she was Principal Scientist and manager of the Parsing and Semantics area (ParSem) at the Xerox Research Centre Europe. She joined Xerox as a research scientist in 1993 where she worked on different European and national projects based on natural language technologies. Throughout her research career she has developed, worked and coordinated more than twenty collaborative international research projects links to data understanding.


